In order to produce the executable file *SQLComparison.jar* from Java source code, user can install maven into her computer, change directory to *SQLFeatureExtraction* and run the following command: 
	
	mvn clean install

This command will install the maven project and create a executable jar file named *SQLComparison.jar* in the directory *SQLFeatureExtraction/target*

By running *SQLComparison.jar* with no options, user can reproduce feature vectors generated by:

(1) Each of the three similarity metrics (aligon, makiyama and aouiche); 

(2) Under three different SQL log-like inputs (UB student exam, Bombay IIT and pocketdata-google+);

(3) With no further feature engineering;

(4) With each feature engineering module activated individually;

(5) With all feature engineering modules activated.

Options:

(1) User can specify a single input data set by using -input option. The available option parameters are: (1)ub; (2)bombay; (3)googleplus. (e.g. Java -jar SQLComparison.jar -input ub)

(2) User can specify a single similarity metric by using -metric option. The available option parameters are: (1)aligon; (2)makiyama; (3)aouiche. (e.g. Java -jar SQLComparison.jar -metric aligon)

(3) User can specify regularization modules to be activated by using -modules option. The available modules are: ID=1, Naming; ID=2, Expression Regularization; ID=3, From-Nesting Flattening; ID=4, UNION pull-out. User should specify corresponding IDs and use symbol "&" for combining multiple selected modules, if any. (e.g. Java -jar SQLComparison.jar -modules 1&2&3&4)

Result of running *SQLComparison.jar* will be saved to directory *SQLFeatureExtraction/data* and the result file naming format is: [input]+"_"+[metric]+ ".csv". If regularization is applied, naming format is: [input]+"_"+[metric]+"_regularization_"+[module IDs]+".csv"; If all modules of regularization are applied, naming format is simplified as: [input]+"_"+[metric]+"_regularization.csv".






